# Account Management

###Definition: the data representing an user

Accounts are used to provide users access to the service.  The permissions structure is designed that a person only needs one account for all of Kumoru even if they are a member of multiple roles.

An account is the mechanism by which you can create tokens which are then used for all future communication.

## Create an Account

```shell
kumoru accounts create -f Roxy -l Ring roxy.ring@example.com
```

### CLI Parameters
Concept | CLI option | Description
------- | ---------- | -----------
given name | -f | Your first name
surname | -l | Your last name
password | -p | Your password

<aside class="info">The `-p` switch is being deprecated.  The Kumoru CLI will prompt you for a password by just passing `-f` and `-l` options.</aside>

Concept | CLI Arguement | Description
------- | ------------- | -----------
email | 1st | The email associated with the user

## Get an Account

```shell
kumoru accounts show user@example.com
```

## Errors



# Secrets

<aside class="warning">Secrets are currently not being stored in a secure location during alpha.  Please do not put any sensitive information into the Kumoru service at this time.</aside>

Kumoru can store various types of secrets for you that are required in your applicaton model.  Today the following sensitive information can be stored:

- private SSL key

Coming Soon:

- credentials for private image retrevial
- option to add environment variables as secret (e.g., database password)

_Last updated February 2016_


###Definition:
A secret is a sensitive piece of information that may be used by or on behalf of your application.

## Errors

# Tokens

###Definition: A set of UUIDs, one public and one private, that is used to sign all requests to the Kumoru APIs.

All HTTP requests to Kumoru.io services must be cryptographically signed. The Kumoru APIs follow the [Internet Draft](http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-cavage-http-signatures-05) which describes message signing. This is very similar to how [AWS](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/sigv4_signing.html) signs their requests.

<aside class="warning">cURL isn't available to interact with the APIs due to the requirement that all requests be signed.</aside>

As of December 2015: 
- You can have as many tokens as you like and tokens do not expire.
- Both UUIDs are generated by the authorization API.

In the future:

- The private token in the pair will be encrypted and not accessible by anyone but yourself. If you lose this token are suspect it is compromised, it is recommend you remove the token and use a new one.

<aside class="info">Reminder: Tokens are specific to your account and should not be shared.</aside>

## Create a Token

```shell
kumoru tokens create

Generating new token.
Enter Username: user@example.com
Enter Password:
```

Concept | CLI Option | Description
------- | ---------- | -----------
force | --force | overwrite config file even it exists
don't save | -d | Print tokens to screen instead of writing to file

## Delete a Token

```shell
kumoru tokens delete TOKEN_UUID
```

The TOKEN_UUID in question is the public token.

## Errors
